“Whenever I’m sad, I stop being sad and be awesome instead.” — Barney Stinson
“It’s just, eventually, we’re all gonna move on. It’s called growing up.” — Lily Aldrin
“The future is scary, but you can’t just run back to the past because it’s familiar. Yes, it’s tempting, but it’s a mistake.” — Robin Scherbatsky
“That cake. Best cake I ever had. Seriously, my stomach was like, ‘Hey bro, I don’t know what you’re eating cause I don’t have any eyes but it’s basically awesome, so keep sending it down Gullet Alley.’” — Marshall Eriksen
“Everyone has an opinion on how long it takes to recover from a breakup.” — Ted Mosby
“I realized that I’m searching, searching for what I really want in life. And you know what? I have absolutely no idea what that is.” — Barney Stinson
“Because sometimes even if you know how something’s gonna end, that doesn’t mean you can’t enjoy the ride.” — Ted Mosby
“That’s life, you know. We never end up where you thought you wanted to be.” — Marshall Eriksen
“Oh my god, look at you cowards. So afraid of any kind of change. So terrified of anything new. So, so desperate to cling to anything comfortable and familiar.” — Robin Scherbatsky
“A lie is just a great story that someone ruined with the truth.” — Barney Stinson
“The three-day rule is a childish, manipulative mind game. But yeah, you wait three days.” — Lily Aldrin
“I get recognized one time, and I start thinking I’m Julia Roberts. I’m no VIP; I’m not even an IP; I’m just a lonely little P sitting out here in the gutter.” — Robin Scherbatsky
“Every Halloween, I bring a spare costume, in case I strike out with the hottest girl at the party. That way, I have a second chance to make a first impression.” — Barney Stinson
“Revenge fantasies never work out the way you want.” — Marshall Eriksen
“So really the biggest mistake would be not to make that mistake, because then you’ll go your whole life not knowing if something was a mistake or not.” — Lily Aldrin
“I finally found the one, Marshall. Her name is Bacon.” — Ted Mosby
“The best I can give you is a fake smile and dead eyes.” — Robin Scherbatsky
“I realized that I’m searching, searching for what I really want in life. And you know what? I have absolutely no idea what that is.” — Barney Stinson
“I’ve never asked Lily to do anything ‘no questions asked’ because I never wanted to. She’s the love of my life. I never keep anything from her.” — Marshall Eriksen
“Your package has always been big enough. You may not realize this, Marshall Eriksen, but you’ve got a huge package.” — Lily Aldrin
“Look, I know the odds are the love of my life isn’t going to magically walk through that door in a pumpkin costume at 2:43 in the morning. But it just seems as nice a spot as any to just, you know, sit and wait.” — Ted Mosby
“I don’t wanna get married right now, maybe ever, and if we got together, I’d feel like I’d either have to marry you or break your heart, and I just couldn’t do either of those things. Just like you can’t turn off the way you feel.” — Robin Scherbatsky